very good are two extensions not
identified with here a friend of mine who
be true what has consisted
this video is that I'm going to show you how
make a new character or how to change
of character you still remember those that
you want to make a new character but I
I do not know how it is done or look that I want
a character
but I do not want the child to be erased
blah blah blah blah blah blah good
case is that the police pass thinking in
chase good good good sir how do you
they do look a click the start online
as you can see we are in the 1.13 bone
1.13 here
to see place of appearance because the
change and now
good and we put here
online hoping better I'm going to my
garage because in the end I have nothing
run over and not what we want
we will be going again we will
online and here it's already changing characters
then we click on the x we put the x
again
good was a decision presenting the
new car
and here you see and I have my other character and
I have 2 universe 63 the other level 11
enough that believes the bronze 2 days ago
and this is good how can you create me
for example now I have to erase
to create us because it does not let me
more but to you if you want to create
new or to compose erase to the square
and achilles
I do not want to because I do not want to put in
this character of the girl but you
will let create a new and good returns
deleted because we are many
well here we have both and how I have
said like I'm not going to erase my thing
but good if you see yours until here
because squared erase is what you see
is after moving to the right
erase if it is save and then we will
put a new character as you press
there and then you create a new character
how you want is can be girl can
being a boy can be a boy of skin
dark or well a dark-skinned girl
good as you want more or less after
you are going to improve the level will
improving the ones that earn it good
I'm going to do
is